Add FNAF 7, where it does not have a pattern, it has yours

The seventh, and the one that takes away the last thing every game before
it assumed -- that the thing coming for you does not know anything about
you.

FNAF 1 gave you doors and a power meter. FNAF 2 gave you a mask and a
music box. FNAF 3 gave you a speaker and took the doors. FNAF 4 gave you a
body that can only be in one place. FNAF 5 gave you a building and took
the room you were standing in. FNAF 6 gave you one chair, one lamp and one
shock, and took away the idea that a look is free. FNAF 7 gives you two
doors, one bar and one light, and then takes away the idea that you are a
stranger to it.

THE RULE: it does not have a pattern. It has yours.

There is one bar and there are two doors, so exactly one of them is open.
The unit does not search the building and it does not walk a route: it
comes to the side you are not looking at, because it has been keeping a
decayed record of where your attention has been. That record is drawn on
the screen, in words, as IT EXPECTS YOU AT: LEFT -- so the player can see
what it thinks of them, and the whole night is the argument between that
and where the bar actually is.

Three things make the night, and they are all one thing:

  * The lamp is the steering wheel. Point it at one side and the unit
    comes to the other, so the competent loop is not "watch for it" but
    "watch the side you are not defending".
  * The lamp is also the only pair of eyes, and the filament will not stay
    lit. Held past LIGHT_MAX it cuts out and will not strike again until
    it has cooled most of the way down, so the record is always drifting
    and the readout is always a moving target.
  * One pair of hands. The bar cannot move while the lamp is on, and the
    lamp cannot come up while the bar is in the air. The answer to a
    deviation is a second of blindness, and the record spends that second
    still describing the side you just left.

The readout is the opposite of the answer -- it says where the record
holds, and the unit comes to the other side -- so the player has to make
one turn, and the turn is only worth anything while the record is worth
anything.

THE FIRST SWEEP SAID THE GAME WAS NOT A GAME, and that is the most useful
thing in this commit. Before the filament existed, the policy that watches
the unbarred side and swaps when it sees something read 100% on all five
nights: the lamp was free, so the lamp was always already up, so the
answer to every arrival was a move it had a whole hall's worth of time to
make. A light you can hold is a light that solves the night.

THE SECOND SWEEP SAID THE COMPETENT POLICY WAS WORSE THAN THE REACTIVE
ONE, and that is the second most useful thing. PRO read the record, saw
the unit at the left door, put the bar there, and then -- on the very next
frame -- read the record again, which still described the lamp that had
been on the left a moment ago, concluded the unit was coming to the right,
and moved the bar off the door the thing was standing at. Measured: PRO
41/34/17/2/5 against REACT's 78/68/50/23/11, and the whole difference was
that PRO was talking itself out of what it had just seen. A sighting
outranks a record, and it outranks it until the bar takes the hit.

The week, 300 seeds a night:

  IDLE      0%    0%    0%    0%    0%     0%   doing nothing
  STARE     0%    0%    0%    0%    0%     0%   one side, forever
  LISTEN    4%    0%    0%    0%    0%     1%   ears, no lamp
  REACT    91%   85%   62%   54%   30%    64%   the lamp alone
  PRO      95%   87%   67%   58%   36%    69%   the lamp and the record

PRO's week is monotone and the last night is the hardest of the seven.
REACT is the control that says the readout is load-bearing rather than
decorative: it is the same loop with the record taken away, and it is
behind on every night.

The cast is the five that watch: Circus Baby, Ennard, Glitchtrap, Vanny,
and the Mimic. They differ in one number -- how often you can hear them
arrive -- and the week is the order of how quiet they are, because a step
you can place is a step you can answer without spending a look, and a look
is the only thing keeping the record sharp. Night five's tell is 0.15:
listening is not a plan by the end of the week.

Art is reproducible from tools/fnaf7-art.py and audio from
tools/fnaf7-audio.py. The two steps are the only pair of cues in the
franchise that have to be told apart by direction rather than by kind, so
they are the same body with the thud half an octave apart, and the tool
refuses to write them if a later edit makes them the same sound. The Mimic
is the one unit the wiki has no transparent render for; it is cropped to
the head and masked rather than keyed, because a keyer run against a rock
wall either eats the character or leaves the wall.

130 checks in the FNAF 7 suite, 0 failed. The engine suite is 220 passed,
0 failed. The library is now 19 games. FNAF 7 is desktop-only, like 1
through 6, so the phone shelf is unchanged at 12 builds / 596 KB and the
desktop-only list grows to eight.
